Add New Board of Directors post (#150)
pebble-dev/pebble-dev.github.io: _posts/2026-03-31-the-new-board.md

---
layout: post
title: "Meet Your New Board of Directors"
date:   2026-03-31 21:42:42
author: "Ish Ot Jr."
---

The first ever [Rebble Board Election](https://rebble.io/2026/03/04/vote-for-your-next-board.html) has concluded, the previous board have ratified the results, and now we're excited to share the outcome! Along with some familiar folks, we have a fresh face, with JP replacing Joshua while David, Will, Stasia, and Ruby retain their seats. Joshua will continue as the Foundation's [Treasurer](https://rebble.io/2025/12/27/rebble-finances-2025-wrapped.html), which we all greatly appreciate. 

> The new board has already met twice in order to select a President (David) and Secretary (Will) and discuss aspirations and plans for the upcoming term, as well as to share documents, policies, and practices with the newer members. We're meeting again in April to further flesh out our nascent goals, including organizing our third hackathon and figuring out how to coexist more harmoniously with Core Devices LLC. As always, we welcome your input via the [forums](https://forum.rebble.io/c/rebble-foundation/10), [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/aRUAYFN), or [email](mailto:board@rebble.io). Let's all work together to make this the best year yet! <3

Author: ```suggestion
The new board has already met twice in order to select a President (David) and Secretary (Will) and discuss aspirations and plans for the upcoming term, as well as to share documents, policies, and practices with the newer members. We're meeting again in April to further flesh out our nascent goals, including organizing our third hackathon and figuring out how Rebble best fits into the Pebble 2.0 world. As always, we welcome your input via the [forums](https://forum.rebble.io/c/rebble-foundation/10), [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/aRUAYFN), or [email](mailto:board@rebble.io). Let's all work together to make this the best year yet! <3
```
